README.md, before:

# Project_3, Island Event Coordinator 

## Interactive MERN Stack Single-Page Application

## Table of Contents
- [Description](#description)
- [CSS Styling](#css-styling)
- [User Specifications](#user-specifications)
- [Functionality](#functionality)
- [Mock-Up](#mock-up)
- [Screenshots](#screenshots)
- [Project Members](#project-members)
- [Deliverables](#deliverables)

## Description

This project is collaborative MERN-stack single-page application Project. 

We combined a scalable MongoDB back end, a GraphQL API, and an Express.js and Node.js server with a React front end, implementing user authentication with JWT to build a user-focused platform. 

  ~This project fulfills the following requirements:

  ~Uses React for the front end.

  ~Uses GraphQL with a Node.js and Express.js server.

  ~Uses MongoDB and the Mongoose ODM for the database.

  ~Uses queries and mutations for retrieving, adding, updating, and deleting data.

  ~Is deployed using Heroku (with data).

  ~Has polished UI.

  ~Is responsive.

  ~Is interactive (i.e., accept and respond to user input).

  ~Includes authentication (JWT).

  ~Protects sensitive API key information on the server.

  ~Has a clean repository that meets quality coding standards (file structure, naming conventions, best practices for class and id naming conventions, indentation, high-quality comments, and so on).

## CSS Styling
We are using a component library,  Semantic UILinks.

## User Specifications

A user would like to plan island events in the Florida Keys.  The user would like to view all the events with dates, add to the event list and delete events from the event list.

## Functionality

This project is an Island Event Coordinator project.  A user can plan the perfect Island getaway vacation.  The user is presented with a home page that allows the user to securely sign up login in.

A first time user will sign up with a user name, email address and password, that will be encrypted. After sign up, the user can login with their email and password.

After login, the user is presented with a page that contains the following options: my faves list, wish list, and the option to sign out.

The Event page allows the user to see all upcoming events, add an event and delete an event.  Also the user can review events.

## Mock-up

## Screenshots

## Project Members

Joshua Gum: https://github.com/jgum63 </br>

Dawn Kline: https://github.com/dawn-kline-m </br>

Jason Tavera: https://github.com/j3yT </br>

## Deliverables 
How to Submit Your MERN-Stack Single-Page Application
Each member of your group is required to submit the following for review:

The URL of the deployed application on Heroku: 

The URL of the GitHub repository: https://github.com/jgum63/project_3

The URL of your portfolio, with your project added to it.

Commit message:

updates with images, readme, vite

README.md, after:

# Project_3, Island Event Coordinator 

## Interactive MERN Stack Single-Page Application

## Table of Contents
- [Description](#description)
- [CSS Styling](#css-styling)
- [User Specifications](#user-specifications)
- [Functionality](#functionality)
- [Figma](#figma)
- [Screenshots](#screenshots)
- [Project Members](#project-members)
- [Deliverables](#deliverables)

## Description

This project is collaborative MERN-stack single-page application Project. 

We combined a scalable MongoDB back end, a GraphQL API, and an Express.js and Node.js server with a React front end, implementing user authentication with JWT to build a user-focused platform. 

### This project fulfills the following requirements:

  ~Uses React for the front end.

  ~Uses GraphQL with a Node.js and Express.js server.

  ~Uses MongoDB and the Mongoose ODM for the database.

  ~Uses queries and mutations for retrieving, adding, updating, and deleting data.

  ~Is deployed using Heroku (with data).

  ~Has polished UI.

  ~Is responsive.

  ~Is interactive (i.e., accept and respond to user input).

  ~Includes authentication (JWT).

  ~Protects sensitive API key information on the server.

  ~Has a clean repository that meets quality coding standards (file structure, naming conventions, best practices for class and id naming conventions, indentation, high-quality comments, and so on).

## CSS Styling
We are using the component library,  Chakra UI.

## User Specifications

A user would like to plan island events in the Florida Keys.  The user would like to view all the events with dates, add to the event list and delete events from the event list.

## Functionality

This project is an Island Event Coordinator project.  A user can plan the perfect Island getaway vacation.  The user is presented with a home page that allows the user to securely sign up login in.

A first time user will sign up with a user name, email address and password, that will be encrypted. After sign up, the user can login with their email and password.

After login, the user is presented with a page that contains the following options: my faves list, wish list, and the option to sign out.

The Event page allows the user to see all upcoming events, add an event and delete an event.  Also the user can review events.

## Figma

![Image showing Figma design of the Island Event Coordinator home page.".](./Images/FigmaIslandEventCoordinator.png)

## Screenshots

![Image showing the Island Event Coordinator home page.".](./Images/HomePage.png)

## Project Members

Joshua Gum: https://github.com/jgum63 </br>

Dawn Kline: https://github.com/dawn-kline-m </br>

Jason Tavera: https://github.com/j3yT </br>

## Deliverables 

The URL of the deployed application on Heroku: https://enigmatic-beach-84569-d7ec102c11b2.herokuapp.com/

The URL of the GitHub repository: https://github.com/jgum63/project_3
